doc(docs/extras/tactic_writing) add cheap method (#2198)
leanprover-community/mathlib: docs/extras/tactic_writing.md

* `ma <|> ma'` recover from failure: runs `ma` and if it fails then runs `ma'`.
* `a $> mb`: same as `do mb, return a`
* `ma <$ b`: same as `do ma, return b`

## Cheap and dirty tactic trick

If you just want one tactic to implement a few lines of tactic mode in Lean (e.g., because you are
finding that you are having to type the same three or four lines several times in your proof)
you can hack together a tactic like this:

```lean
meta def rw_search_hack : tactic unit := do
`[
repeat {rw assoc},
try {simp},
repeat {rw comp_right_app},
repeat {rw nat_trans.naturality}
]
```

> This creates a new tactic which just runs the tactics used in their definition. If you want to use such a tactic such as this in other files, you should put it in the `tactic.interactive` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a new tactic which just runs the tactic script between `` `[ `` and `]`.
```
I take back my earlier suggestion. If there's no argument parsing going on, and the name isn't duplicated in `tactic.interactive`, it's okay to put the tactic in another namespace. (But this is unrelated to using the tactic in other files.)

* `ma <|> ma'` recover from failure: runs `ma` and if it fails then runs `ma'`.
* `a $> mb`: same as `do mb, return a`
* `ma <$ b`: same as `do ma, return b`

## Cheap and dirty tactic cheat sheet

If you just want one tactic to implement a few lines of tactic mode in Lean (e.g., because you are
finding that you are having to type the same three or four lines several times in your proof)
you can hack together a tactic like this:

```lean

> meta def crunch : tactic unit := do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta def tactic.interactive.crunch : tactic unit := do
```
Emphasize that these should be in the `tactic.interactive` namespace?

`[intros],
`[rw eq_iff_re_eq_and_im_eq],
`[split; simp [add_mul, mul_add, mul_assoc]]
```

or this:

```lean

> meta def poor_mans_rewrite_search : tactic unit := do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta def tactic.interactive.poor_mans_rewrite_search : tactic unit := do
```
